do people see that Checketts Leslie I
keep talking about you know it looks
like animals go you're not back and I
said he's got to travel to Hungary now
listen you all remove your shadow put my
clothes inside and you're choking come
on man just play with Chico only add
another one standard yeah these guys are
like draft very so good so good now no
have you talked too much about and girls
let me talk about guys the comic I I'm
getting I don't believe he's young
actually he's gonna take a while I can't
hold it in for too long my stock is
going up eating too much minded young
yeah
looking sexy I mean bad guy now there's
one thing I would like to talk about
let's talk about guys first of all guys
what is allah wants it every time you
people do some things that's something
sorry let me first of all girls to you
guys you girls are added to these
problems first of all there are some
questions that you got girls ask Dorota
it's a good question but the wrong
timing how can you a guy is with you he
has kissed you
he's now removing your clutch
you remove your bra the bra goes off and
you like what are you doing I'm cooking
soup it makes us look at you like I said
what's wrong with this good then it was
one you you've been dating this that
you've not asked him that question is
when you people are now browsing you
were like honey do you love me and that
was you expected to say well okay Pato
calm and parent will present Africa's
number one comedy export basket mouth
and censored is live in Manchester
Valentine's Day February 14th Birmingham
February 15
London February 16 for tickets and info
visit Coco Bardot car oh cool Oh 208 9 5
3 1 2 1 9 basket mal fun Center you'll
be mad to missing